how this should work:

states needed:
  purchase type
  code
  email
  captcha
  success t/f


--how did you buy?
--at the bottom "i've done this already! take me to the site!"
    hardcover:
      enter code and email address, confirm email address
        on submit, launch captcha
          check code against first sheet. if code is wrong, email state should stay so no reentering. captcha again though for sure.

    ebook:
      enter code and email address, confirm email address
        on submit, launch captcha
          confirm that code matches a very specific regex, depending on receipt location.
            check code against ebook sheet to make sure it hasn't already been used. remember, there is no wrong code here
              add code and email address to the sheet to confirm that it can only be used once. 

    library:
      enter code and email address, confirm email address
         on submit, launch captcha
          confirm that code still has some uses available.
            increase value of total uses

upon successful request:
  thanks for your submission! you should receive an email from YouScience momentarily. Please check your spam folders if you don't receive it. 
    if you don't receive an email in the next few minutes, this button will activate and you can resubmit your request.
      in the meantime, there's a few more pages in the book to read between now and when you'll want to start!
      redirect button to the main website. 

upon failed request:
  --That code is invalid!!
    --Each book comes with only one activation code. If you believe your code hasn't been used before, please email us with a proof of purchase (this doesn't need to be anything crazy -- it can be a screenshot of your e-receipt, or a photo of the book itself. we don't want to make this so difficult that it turns you off from taking the test)

  --Your email is invalid!! Please double check your email address. Our servers got a request denied from the email you gave us.
    --This needs to clear the code in the db, but not necessarily in the state.


--on all three
    -have you done this already and haven't gotten your email from YouScience?
      - email us at (create an email just for this, like assessments@yourhiddengenius.com or something)
    
    

    


MEETING WITH YOU SCIENCE, 5/30/24
Bridget Fowers - organizer
Kathryn Chance --dev
Brian Hansen --pm
Bryan Campbell --dev

bryan pre-creates 100k codes, provides them to us, users come in as learners through their retail system
we get 100k codes in static urls, assign as we need from that cache 

QR codes for advanced readers?